not gone this route I just want to say
so much more convenient than fine little
things to grow your vegetables but all
you need is oil and soil
Chinese tea needs or heresy this one is
the one I use all the time it's like a
medium-sized one and it was $39 about
two years old so it's got a little shiny
in it but all we do is we wet the soil
down enough I'll show you that in a
minute
- it's pretty gooey you put this push
this down in there till it's nice and
tack
and you have your little blocks of soil
as you can see there's little
indentations in here that already puts
the dent in the soil block and you plant
your seed drier soil
this is my daughter Savannah and she's
gonna be my helper she's done this
before
but it's been a year Oh a little all
right so first thing we're gonna do is
we're going to get eatos
notice I use an old baby bath to appear
for my container use whatever you can
find doesn't have to look pretty
I also have a pan of water right here
this is for dipping the soil block maker
in the water before we insert it into
the soil so savanah is mixing the soil
get it all worked in there you know get
that water mixed in there really good
now I have to say you do have to put a
little bit more effort into soil block
making but it saves you money in the
long run you don't have to keep buying
little containers you know those little
tea pot sir biodegradable pots these
test soil is all you need okay all right
and there's two different sizes this one
is far like a little bitty seething with
like lettuce spinach we'll work on that
one first we do push it in there
make sure it's packed in there
apparently need to water it down a
little bit more we'll see how this works
bring it over here squeeze there you
have it you notice the little
indentations for the smaller seeds you
just put your seeds in there in the
little dent and you're good to go but
I'm not going to use this one today I'm
going to use a big one because I'm
planting tomatoes all right it is March
14 70 degree weather it's so that I know
that's not gonna last long so what we're
gonna do is we're gonna plant tomatoes
and put them under grow lights in our
cellar so
I'll do the first one okay so down in
here push stamp I get it packed in there
like so bring it over to your tray there
you have it that nice note I win
Savannah Josh push down real hard
there
can we start right here not bad not bad
can't see my 9 year old daughter can you
even do it I know you can do it $39 at
least that's what it was two years ago
I'm pretty sure though the same price
don't have to worry about buying any
containers I think these work well thank
you newspaper
healthier you just pick them up and put
them in the soil and the roots
stop the roots don't grow out of the
soil block they stay within the soil
block and when you plant them
let's do another
Oh probably need to wet this down a
little bit more
you want to make sure you get it nice
and almost pasty yeah a little bit
crumbly go ahead and put that in there
Savannah